Hello,
this is my Glyph (button bitmap) collection, sampled from:
 
OUIN-GLY.ZIP   (found at the Delphi Super Page)

BA1.ZIP        (found at Torry's Pages)

               Find Torry's and the DSP URL at the "WWW sites"
               page of my Website "Richey's DELPHI-BOX" at
               http://Inner-Smile.com !

ICONS.ZIP      (sent to me by Charles Urbina /
               charlesu@solucionsoftwares.com)

NEWICONS.ZIP   (by Michael A. Esser / CIS 71573,2467)

and most of the glyphs originally contained in Delphi's
Images\Buttons directory.

The Icon collections have been converted to Glyph-styled
bitmaps with my utility Resource-Grabber *) which you can
find on my download page (http://Inner-Smile.com)

The Resource-Grabber
--------------------
Get 1000s of images within minutes!
This is really a great utility for developers: it analyzes
the files on your computer and extracts all bitmaps, glyphs
(button images), icons, cursors, JPG/JPEG images, video clips,
WAVE and RMI sound files, forms, strings, fonts and much other
interesting stuff it finds inside these files to a directory
of your choice.
Even scanning of multiple disks is supported which typically
brings 5-15,000 high-quality images! Forget painting all that
stuff by yourself; forget hours of searching for Windows-compatible
button layouts... simply use the images that are already on your
computer! An integrated Image Organizer Tool will help you to
categorize your image collection. Now also comes with an Internet
Newsgroup Scanner (download images/videos/sounds/.. while you sleep!)
and a Resource Browser which will allow you to manually explore the
files on your PC.
For more information, please visit http://Inner-Smile.com/dl_res.htm.


QUESTION TO YOU - PLEASE READ:
I think that over 9452 glyphs are a bit too much just to be
scrolled through and to find exactly what you need in a 
reasonable amount of time... Thus, I'm searching for a nice
person who would organize the icons into a number of directories
named after several categories (e.g., Documents, Devices,.. -
but shouldn't be more than 10-15 to ensure easy overview of
available categories). If you'd like to do that, please ask
by email if no one else is already working on it and when you
think you'll be finished.
This would really be of great help for other "Delphians",
be sure to be donated in this file and reveiving a golden
star in the book of books...

You can contact me by email at Support@Inner-Smile.com or
(if the above doesn't work) r.fellner@bigfoot.com

Richey Fellner
(Delphi-Box)